Are you kidding me?
You are my uncle's man.
No, no, no.
The head of the family doesn't treat me as his own
Back in the day, Chu Guohui and I served the head of the family together
How crazy is that?
But now
How can I have a blind date with someone?
Little master
We are grasshoppers on a rope now
I have an internal plan
What's the plan?
Butler Wan is real or fake
You want to connect most of the new schools together.
Survival of the fittest
Survival of the Fittest
It's a divine law
The head of the family has been sitting in this position for a long time
sit down
If you are interested
The senior management in the family will support you to rise to the top
Would you like to
Yes, I do.
So what should I do?
Our first step is, of course, to get rid of the Wanjia relatives
As for the family?
My people will follow up
Find the right opportunity
Master Wan Jiaqi
There is one by my side except now
And Chen Zhixiong's full support
I'm afraid we're no match for them. What are you afraid of?
What is this?
What is this river collection
Have you heard of the group?
What Jianghe Group?
That is a super first-class economic chamber of commerce overseas.
Few in the world
Butler Wan, do you know Jianghe Group?
You can understand it this way
That was amazing.
Resources like Lianghe Group
You can take control of it.
But Wan Jiaqi, we can't get close
You have to believe
There is no wall in this world that is absolutely airtight
As long as you start with a woman, you can
Who is the woman, hahaha?